EN:

Welcome to my first Asset. It’s something very simple, but I hope it will be helpful to everyone who uses it.

In the first folder of the Asset, you’ll find a directly usable prefab(Remember to assign the your Layers in 
"Layers That Are Considered Ground" inside Base Mechanics on Module 04). 








Even so, I strongly recommend that you take a look at the documentation, not necessarily the technical one, 
but the one about how to use the Asset itself 
(48A-01-FPC_CPP\English\FirstPersonController\04___Documentation\CPP FPC_How To_Use_V1.0_EN).
You’ll also see that I made a test scene and that, at the same time, you already have 2 Configs ready to try, 
such as the Arcade one or the "Terror" one, to show the scope of this Asset.

This is the first Asset I publish, but it’s definitely the least ambitious. I have 2 others, probably around
100 times bigger, in development. The reason for creating this is not so much because Assets of this type
(FPC (CPP)) were needed, since I’ve also seen other free ones that are 48/10, but so that when I manage to finish
my other 2 projects and publish them, you as the audience are more open to giving me your trust and buying 
them (if they’re useful to you, of course), knowing that what I do has a lot of hard work and dedication behind it.

As a side note, and as you may have already imagined, I’m working to ensure that the other 2 projects also have a 
highly customized Window, much more than the one I created for this asset, to make those tools not only useful for 
their direct technical functionality, but also for their ease of use.

Please, if anything comes up, whether you're learning and need a helping hand or anything else in general, feel free
to send me a message at "48assetsandgames@gmail.com
".

Likewise, if you would like to request that I add/modify any mechanic/variable in the Asset, don’t hesitate to email 
me, I recommend using this format:

From: @Your email
To: 48assetsandgames@gmail.com

Subject: Addition Idea for FPC-CPP

Email: Hello, good afternoon, I noticed that the Window is missing variables to separately specify
the intensity/frequency of the headbob while crouching/prone, I think adding that would be a
very good idea.

I will take the recommendations very seriously since my goal is for the Asset to grow to twice its size without 
losing its direction. Peace, and I hope it is useful to you.

Blessings. :)




(PLEASE DO NOT rename the folders "48A-01-FPC_CPP" or "Configs", as the Window requires them as-is in order 
to save/load/delete the configs you create or that already exist. That said, YOU CAN move the entire folder 
wherever you like, as long as it stays inside Assets/ so do not move it to Packages).